Remove form element to avoid dom validation error (#1398)
vtex/styleguide: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

> ### Fixed
> 
> - Remove **form** element from **InputSearch** to avoid errors of dom validation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Removed

- **EXPERIMENTAL_TableV2** `form` element from search input to avoid DOM validation errors. 
```
